Add glossaries required for the `osu!catch Ranking Criteria` (#5587)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Glossary/Hyperdash/en.md

---
stub: true
---

# Hyperdash

> A *hyperdash* is the term used in [osu!catch](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!catch) for the movement which is done when a [hyperfruit](/wiki/Hit_object/Hyperfruit) is generated. When modding a beatmap people tend to link the hyperfruit and the target [active object](/wiki/Glossary/Active_object) to define a hyperdash movement (e.g. `00:01:000 (1,2) - ` where 1 is the hyperfruit and 2 the target active object).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **hyperdash** is a term used in [osu!catch](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!catch) for the movement which is done when a [hyperfruit](/wiki/Hit_object/Hyperfruit) is generated. While modding beatmaps, people tend to link the hyperfruit and the target [active object](/wiki/Glossary/Active_object) to define a hyperdash movement (e.g. `00:01:000 (1,2) -`  where 1 is the hyperfruit, and 2 the target active object).
```
